I would like you to create an ai-planning directory and in it we are going to write a proposal for a speech speed test web application this web application will be written in typescript and it will be designed to run on github pages. I want you to use Vite and React. This should be a static website that doesn't require a backend. What we're going to design is a speed testing tool for people that have a speech to text tool on their computer. The way this tool should work is they should be able to go to the webpage, see a randomly assigned blurb of 50 to 400 words. They should then be able to press a button that starts the test and have a text input box that they can put their cursor in. And then whenever they manage to successfully match every single word that they were provided with, the test automatically closes and the timing is finished and they get their speech results. in both words per minute and characters per minute form. For the library of passages that are automatically generated, this corpus of text, I want some of the passages to be from the top 100, 1000 and 10,000 words so that we can get different kinds of systems in. I would like you also to eventually see if we can get a couple of hundred different books from say Project Gutenberg or something and extract passages from them and write them by complexity on how many of the top N words they use. Also in this tool I want you to do lexographical and strict matching of the output from my speech to text tool to actual to the corpus of text that was originally provided. Specifically I think that the position of full stops should always be strict matching even in the lexographical matching but in the lexographical matching if an additional comma is added here or there or maybe if a number is spelt instead of written as the numerical form then that should be treated as the exact same output. In other words most punctuation should be ignored except for full stops and numbers should be automatically converted. I also expect this system to store history in local storage so that people can see their results over time. 

I would also like a dedicated section called "Your Real WPM" and in this section we should use something similar to the following but modified for the fact that we can't actually separate out the top 100 words and then the top 101 to 1000 words and then the top 1001 to 10,000 words. https://robertmassaioli.medium.com/a-realwpm-for-stenography-be94beffab20

Please go write this proposal in full now. If you need to separate it out into subproposals to make it easier to write, I'm okay with that too.